The weather in New Zealand is very changeable
HeeJin, HaSeul & HyunJin are taking a rest in the shade of tree
HaSeul : Hey, open your eyes big~
HaSeul : 1
HyunJin : It’s like Kim Min-kyo~
She does it again…
HaSeul : You seem like Sunday~
HaSeul : You know? It’s Sunday! Please sing “My Sunday” for me, right now!
HyunJin : (Soulless) You seem like Sunday… Sunday...
HaSeul : OH… SUNDAY…
It looks like HaSeul and HyunJin definitely got some sickness by heat!
HeeJin : The staffs are standing at the center of the playground.
What if we have to stand at there like them?
HaSeul : (Positive again!) I’ll do my best even though I fall down!
Fortunately, they didn’t fall down until the end of filming MV
HeeJin : Right now.. every shooting in New Zealand is done~
HyunJin : But ViVi moved to other site for filming her solo scene.
Everyone will take a rest except ViVi
HyunJin : Fighting!
HeeJin : Cheer up!
ViVI is working hard!
HeeJin, HyunJin & HaSeul : Good job everyone!
Please look forward to the Hong Kong series of LOOΠΔ TV!